# REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**order_name** | **str** | Please don&#39;t use the voucher recipient or the content changes daily or frequently. Owl French: Customers specified name + [Month] + [Year] Example: Got It Promotion - Jul 2019 | 
**transaction_ref_id** | **str** | Transaction code receive from the customer request, used for comparison and reconciliation. If the transaction fails, after 5 mintegerues, you can use this transmitted transactionRefID to request again. Maximum 255 characters. Format of transactionRefId: prefix + &#39;_&#39; + character string In which: + prefix: string of 06 integer characters provided by Got It. + character string: string actively generated by clients Example: prefix: &#39;000742&#39; character string: &#39;20220126-6f823f2e&#39; &#x3D;&gt; transactionRefId: &#39;000742_20220126-6f823f2e&#39; | 
**amount** | **int** | + Voucher value. Ensures the following conditions: + Is a multiple of 1000 + Is within the price range minimum - maximum value that the partner and Got It have agreed upon. | 
**expiry_date** | **str** | Voucher expiration date. Syntax &#39;YYYY-MM-DD&#39;. The expiration date is specified specified in the contract between the partner and Got It, usually 3 months from the release date, maximum 12 months. | 
**product_id** | **int** | + Product code. Specify the template displayed on the voucher (list of Categories and Brands). + If no transmission will use Got It&#39;s default productId | [optional] 
**use_otp** | **int** | &#x3D; 1 if the end user is required to enter a password to view the voucher. Example: 1 | 
**otp_type** | **int** | &#x3D; 1 if OTP is sent via phone number; &#x3D; 7 if OTP is sent via email; &#x3D; 8 if password Password is a fixed number - passed in param &#39;password&#39; For example: 1 | [optional] 
**password** | **str** | Fixed password (corresponding to otp_type&#x3D;8 passed in parram &#39;otp_type&#39;. For otp_type &#x3D; 1 or 7 do not need to be passed integero this field). Format requirement: 6 consecutive integer characters Example: &#39;325243&#39; | [optional] 
**receiver_name** | **str** | Voucher recipient name Example: Son Tran | [optional] 
**phone** | **str** | Phone number to receive the voucher. This is only the step to identify the phone number that will receive the voucher. This step has not been completed yet. Sending vouchers, sending vouchers via SMS will be a separate API section. This phone number is also used to receive OTP when the end-user opens the voucher link, respectively otp_type &#x3D; 1. Request format: 10 consecutive integer characters. For example: 0909xxxxxx | [optional] 
**email** | **str** | Email to receive the voucher. This is just the step to identify the email address that will receive the voucher. This step does not include sending the voucher, sending the voucher via email will be a separate API section. This email address is also used to receive OTP when the end-user opens the voucher link, corresponding to otp_type &#x3D; 7 . For example: son.tran@ dayone.vn | [optional] 
**signature** | **str** | RSA encryption, used for client authentication | 

## Example

```python
from gotit_api_python_sdk.models.requestcreatevoucherlinke import REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE from a JSON string
requestcreatevoucherlinke_instance = REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
requestcreatevoucherlinke_dict = requestcreatevoucherlinke_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE from a dict
requestcreatevoucherlinke_from_dict = REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKE.from_dict(requestcreatevoucherlinke_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


