# REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**product_id** | **int** | Product id. You can see the Products section for the product id. Note: productId type auto convert merchant code does not support creating cover links. | 
**product_price_id** | **int** | Product price id. Each product will have 1 or more denomination codes corresponding to the value or converted product size. | 
**quantity** | **int** | Number of vouchers to be issued | 
**order_name** | **str** | Please don&#39;t use the voucher recipient or the content changes daily or frequently. Owl French: Customers specified name + [Month] + [Year] Example: Got It Promotion - Jul 2019 | 
**expiry_date** | **str** | Voucher expiration date. Syntax &#39;YYYY-MM-DD&#39;. The expiration date is specified specified in the contract between the partner and Got It, usually 3 months from the release date, maximum 12 months. | 
**transaction_ref_id** | **str** | Transaction code receive from the customer request, used for comparison and reconciliation. If the transaction fails, after 5 mintegerues, you can use this transmitted transactionRefID to request again. Maximum 255 characters. Format of transactionRefId: prefix + &#39;_&#39; + character string In which: + prefix: string of 06 integer characters provided by Got It. + character string: string actively generated by clients Example: prefix: &#39;000742&#39; character string: &#39;20220126-6f823f2e&#39; &#x3D;&gt; transactionRefId: &#39;000742_20220126-6f823f2e&#39; | 
**use_otp** | **int** | &#x3D; 1 if the end user is required to enter a password to view the voucher. Example: 1 | [optional] 
**otp_type** | **int** | &#x3D; 1 if OTP is sent via phone number; &#x3D; 7 if OTP is sent via email; &#x3D; 8 if password Password is a fixed number - passed in param &#39;password&#39; For example: 1 | [optional] 
**password** | **str** | Fixed password (corresponding to otp_type&#x3D;8 passed in parram &#39;otp_type&#39;. For otp_type &#x3D; 1 or 7 do not need to be passed integero this field). Format requirement: 6 consecutive integer characters Example: &#39;325243&#39; | [optional] 
**receiver_name** | **str** | Voucher recipient name Example: Son Tran | [optional] 
**phone** | **str** | Phone number to receive the voucher. This is only the step to identify the phone number that will receive the voucher. This step has not been completed yet. Sending vouchers, sending vouchers via SMS will be a separate API section. This phone number is also used to receive OTP when the end-user opens the voucher link, respectively otp_type &#x3D; 1. Request format: 10 consecutive integer characters. For example: 0909xxxxxx | [optional] 
**email** | **str** | Email to receive the voucher. This is just the step to identify the email address that will receive the voucher. This step does not include sending the voucher, sending the voucher via email will be a separate API section. This email address is also used to receive OTP when the end-user opens the voucher link, corresponding to otp_type &#x3D; 7 . For example: son.tran@ dayone.vn | [optional] 
**signature** | **str** | RSA encryption, used for client authentication | [optional] 
**active_date** | **str** | Voucher validity start date, validity date must be greater than issue date. Format: &#39;YYYY-MM-DD&#39;. Note: before this date, the voucher will be in Inactive status and cannot be used. | [optional] 
**is_convert_to_cover_link** | **int** | Type of voucher link to be issued: If &#x3D; 0 (default): Create voucher link. If &#x3D; 1: Create cover link for voucher link. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from gotit_api_python_sdk.models.requestcreatevoucherlinkv import REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV from a JSON string
requestcreatevoucherlinkv_instance = REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
requestcreatevoucherlinkv_dict = requestcreatevoucherlinkv_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV from a dict
requestcreatevoucherlinkv_from_dict = REQUESTCREATEVOUCHERLINKV.from_dict(requestcreatevoucherlinkv_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


